Bump-in-the-Night-2D
====================

https://github.com/tanema/light_world.lua  
https://github.com/kikito/bump.lua  
http://vrld.github.io/hump/

# SCENARIOS
## Wolf
Trap the wolf and put it down.  
Required Items: Raw Meat, Bear Trap, Shotgun, Shotgun Rounds  
Acquiring the Raw Meat will cause the wolf to search for you directly. Plant the raw meat in the bear trap and set both somewhere in the house. The wolf will approach the meat and be caught in the bear trap. Finish the job with your shotgun.

## Bear
Trap the bear and put it down.  
Required Items: Raw Meat, Bear Trap, Shotgun, Shotgun Rounds  
Identical to the Wolf scenario, but the bear will become enraged once caught with the bear trap and will pursue you by scent with incredible determination.

## Robber
Stun the robber and call the police  
Required Items: Taser, Cell Phone (dead), Cell Phone Charger  
Charge your cell phone before engaging the robber. Shoot the robber with the taser before he gets you with his knife. Call the police once the robber is down.

## Arsonist
Stun the arsonist, call the police, and put out the fire  
Required Items: Taser, Cell Phone (dead), Cell Phone Charger, Bucket  
Charge your cell phone before engaging the arsonist. Tasering the arsonist will cause his fire trap to go off and set fire to your house. Use the bucket and water from the sink to put out the fire before it spreads too far. Call the fire department on your cell phone once the arsonist is down.

## Heavily Armed Bank Robber
Turn the heat up in the house, forcing the bank robber to remove his body armor. Stun him, then call the police.  
Required Items: Taser, Cell Phone (dead), Cell Phone Charger, Fuse  
Replace the fuse in the basement to get your heater working again. Turn the heat up to full in order to force the robber to take his body armor off. Stun him with the taser, then call the police.

## Vampire
Kill the vampire with a stake to the heart  
Required Items: Bible, Cross, Stake, Knife  
Use the knife to leave a small puddle of your own blood in a room to lure the vampire to you. Sneak up behind the Vampire as it drinks the blood, reading from the Bible with the Cross held before you to weaken the vampire. Once the vampire has lost his strength, finish the job with the Stake.

## Ghost
Dispel the ghost by performing an exorcism.  
Required Items: Salt, Bible  
Required Room: Attic  
Assemble the required items, then make your way to the attic. You must read from the book while remaining hidden from the ghost. Upon starting the book, the ghost will appear in the attic and not move to any other part of the house.

## Aliens
Force the aliens to return to their home planet  
Required Items: Music Box, Batteries, Tin Foil  
The scenario starts with the player’s vision being periodically clouded and the controls being reversed. Make a tin foil hat to protect against the alien’s psychic powers. Use the frequencies generated by the music box to send them back to their home planet.

## Zombies
Destroy the zombies and prevent their reanimation and spread of infection by burning the bodies  
Required Items: Axe, Shotgun, Shotgun shells, Gasoline, Lighter  
Required Room: Basement  
Kill the zombies, either with the Axe or the Shotgun. Killing them with the Shotgun will alert the other zombies to your location. Once the zombies are dead, drag them to the basement. Drench the bodies in gasoline and set them on fire. Setting them on fire anywhere else will burn your house down.

## Elder God
Perform the ritual that will send the Elder God back to its home dimension before your house is consumed  
Required Items: Crystal, Scroll  
Required Room: Bedroom or Bathroom  
Trying to read the scroll straight on produces insanity. The scroll must be read through a mirror. There is a mirror above the toilet in the bathroom and there is a full-length mirror in the bedroom. The scroll is an incantation for the crystal. Both are necessary for the ritual. Holding the crystal increases the rate at which the Elder God attacks. The Elder God isn’t seen in its full form in the house, but only as black portals that will appear and tentacles that will attack the player.